Allegan in.
So no we have the stars dictated by ice Kazee software adapter in this house and all the other hosts
if we check the store device you will see that we have to start doing hard drive work available or attach
it to this house.
That's me and the host can see just how hard I work.
And you see the transport is drove the ice Kaze the used cars you do parallel that to me and connects
directly to the host.
This one is the cd dvd driver and this is used ice Kazee transport to connected those hard drives.
So the next step as quick as possible we go to the store we click on Neil thought we chose the this
is the most one want to use.
Then we give it a name.
If you remember Line 1 like that it's too like that.
Then we chose one that we want for example this this first one.
The second one don't get about it.
It's our look at how the driver in this house is important next.
Then we call the DMF six.
OK.
Next then if you remember you chose the space reclamation cost.
We leave it as it were then the size of the store would click next and finish and you would see on your
land update to this house and the same you want to do some storage.
The motion for the machine and for the Stosh we need to add a and external storage to practice some
other features.
So line number two like that we chose the second one with the 45 gigabyte next next and next and finish.
So no we have two storage in this house.
Number one it will take time to create it.
So as far as now Line 1 and line top and the same step we're going to do it four to six.
I but two and six and a buddy.
So it automatically detect distrust because we are connected to the extent Astro's drug do storage adapter
that we created before.
So all the host will detect do new store and others as an external storage.
This one Dickstein to the other.
Lets see this Hoffland want to check this Swane OK.
Then to it's not really her it's it's a little time
does it just need a little refresh to show up in our house.
So automatically all the holes that connect with the same target will detect two new configuration and
that automatically so soon the next section that we'll start using to advance a future of the VM what
we've seen in the next the next.